Add two new options to configure MAgPIE in a coupled run (#1759)
remindmodel/remind: tutorials/04_RunningREMINDandMAgPIE.md

   - `oldrun`: This setting can be used to continue a coupled run that had a different name and/or is in a different folder. It works in almost the same way as `path_gdx`, but it is used only if no REMIND run has been finished for this scenario. It will look in the path set in `start_bundle_coupled.R`'s `path_remind_oldruns`. This can be useful when continuing a previous experiment that was made in another REMIND copy, or after changing scenario names.
   - `path_report: Provide a path to a MAgPIE report here if you want REMIND to start with it. It overwrites whatever might have been automatically found from former MAgPIE runs. 
   - `cm_nash_autoconverge_lastrun`: can be used to specify `cm_nash_autoconverge`, but only for the last REMIND run, for example to increase precision there by setting it to `2`.

>    - `cfg_mag$...`: If you don't want to define individual scenarios in MAgPIE to address switches, you can directly address MAgPIE switches in the `scenario_config_coupled.csv`. Add any number of columns to your `scenario_config_coupled.csv` that have the name of the MAgPIE switch as the column name. They need to start with `cfg_mag$`. For example: if you want to set `gms$s56_cprice_red_factor` to `3.14` for `SSP2-NPi`, add the column `cfg_mag$gms$s56_cprice_red_factor` to your `scenario_config_coupled.csv` and fill in `3.14` in the row that defines `SSP2-NPi`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `cfg_mag$...`: If you don't want to select composed scenarios in MAgPIE to address switches, you can directly address individual MAgPIE switches in the `scenario_config_coupled.csv`. Add any number of columns to your `scenario_config_coupled.csv` that have the name of the MAgPIE switch as the column name. They need to start with `cfg_mag$`. For example: if you want to set `gms$s56_cprice_red_factor` to `3.14` for `SSP2-NPi`, add the column `cfg_mag$gms$s56_cprice_red_factor` to your `scenario_config_coupled.csv` and fill in `3.14` in the row that defines `SSP2-NPi`.
```
Minor suggestion
